c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\bin\Debug\OneSignalDemo.Android.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\bin\Debug\OneSignalDemo.Android.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\bin\Debug\OneSignalDemo.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Animated.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\bin\Debug\OneSignalDemo.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\obj\Debug\OneSignalDemo.Android.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\obj\Debug\OneSignalDemo.Android.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\obj\Debug\OneSignalDemo.Android.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\icon.png
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\tabbar.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\toolbar.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\obj\Debug\res\values\styles.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\bin\Debug\Com.OneSignal.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\bin\Debug\Com.OneSignal.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\bin\Debug\OneSignal.Android.Binding.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.GooglePlayServices.Base.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.GooglePlayServices.Basement.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.GooglePlayServices.Gcm.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\bin\Debug\Com.OneSignal.dll.mdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\bin\Debug\OneSignal.Android.Binding.dll.mdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\bin\Debug\OneSignalDemo.dll.mdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\bin\Debug\OneSignalDemo.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Com.OneSignal.dll.mdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\OneSignal.Android.Binding.dll.mdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\OneSignalDemo.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\OneSignalDemo.dll.mdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\bin\Debug\com.sigma.laundrapp.apk
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\bin\Debug\com.sigma.laundrapp-Signed.apk
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\obj\Debug\android\bin\com.sigma.laundrapp.apk
C:\Users\admin\Documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\ic_stat_onesignal_default.png
C:\Users\admin\Documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\ic_stat_onesignal_default.png
C:\Users\admin\Documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\ic_stat_onesignal_default.png
C:\Users\admin\Documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\ic_stat_onesignal_default.png
C:\Users\admin\Documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo\OneSignalDemo.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\ic_stat_onesignal_default.png
